Quick_Demo/README.md, before:

# Run a quick demo
This directory contains the code for runing a quick demo for METRO.
We provide a simplified code without connecting the CAN network of the vehicle.
Specifically, `real_time_detecting_magnet.py` provides the sensing algorithm for detecting the N/S polarity of a 90-degree passive magnet.
You only require to manufacture the sensor aaray and run the code with Python.
Then, you can get the N/S polarity in real time when you sliding a passive magnet above the sensor array.

To run the code correctly, you need to do following steps.

1. Manufacture the sensor array based on the [README](../PCBs/README.md) file in `../PCBs`.
For a quick demo, you can only build the MCU and one segment of the sensor array (e.g., "LeftBar1").

2. Compile and upload `Codes/Arduino/ReadSensor/ReadSensor.ino` to the sensor array with Arduino IDE. 
Note that the default code is implemented with a total of 14 MLX90393 magnetometer. 
You may need to set the number of the MLX90393 (on line 4) and the chip select pins (on line 8) based on your sensor array.

3. Before running `real_time_detecting_magnet.py`, you need to replace the number of magnetometer you used on line 31 and the serial port connects to the sensor array on line 35.

4. Run `real_time_detecting_magnet.py` and Move a passive magnet with a 90-degree polarity orientation (i.e., N-pole up or S-pole up) above the sensor array.
    - The default speed is set to 5 km/h, you can change the speed parameter on line 48. 
    - By default, the code can reliably detect the N/S polarities of a N52-grade cubic magnet with a size of 15 mm x 15 mm x 9.5 mm at a maximal height of ~30 cm.
    - You can of course use a small passive magnet by replacing the initial parameters and thresholds settings on line 41-51.

For the complete code implementation of the METRO system, please connect to the CAN network of a vehicle and run the codes in `..Codes/Sensing_Pipeline`.

Commit message:

update the metro repo, readme and bom file

Quick_Demo/README.md, after:

# Run a quick demo
This directory contains the code to run a quick demo of METRO.
This demo has been simplified to work without the need for a connection to the vehicle's CAN network. 

Specifically, the file `real_time_detecting_magnet.py` contains the sensing algorithm for detecting the N/S polarity of a 90-degree passive magnet.
To use this, you only need to manufacture the sensor array and run the code using Python. 
With this setup, you can obtain real-time N/S polarity information as you move the passive magnet over the sensor array.

To ensure the correct execution of the code, please follow these steps:

1. Manufacture the sensor array based on the [README](../PCBs/README.md) file in `../PCBs`.
For the quick demo, you can only build the MCU and just one segment of the sensor array (e.g., "LeftBar1").

2. Compile and upload the `Codes/Arduino/ReadSensor/ReadSensor.ino` to the sensor array using the Arduino IDE.
Note that the default code is designed for use with a total of 14 MLX90393 magnetometers.  
You may need to adjust the number of MLX90393 sensors (line 4) and their respective chip select pins (line 8) to match the configuration of your specific sensor array.

3. Before running the `real_time_detecting_magnet.py`, you need to replace the number of magnetometers used on line 31 and specify the serial port connection to the sensor array on line 35 to match your setup.

4. Run the `real_time_detecting_magnet.py` and move a passive magnet with a 90-degree polarity orientation (i.e., N-pole up or S-pole up) over the sensor array.
    - The default speed is set to 5 km/h (1.39 m/s), you can modify the speed parameter on line 48 as needed. 
    - By default, the code is capable of consistently detecting the N/S polarities of an N52-grade cubic magnet measuring 15 mm x 15 mm x 9.5 mm at a maximum height of ~30 cm. If you wish to use a smaller passive magnet, you can adjust the initial parameters and threshold settings within line 41-51.

For the full implementation of the METRO system, you should establish a connection to the CAN network of a vehicle and then execute the code provided in the `..Codes/Sensing_Pipeline` directory.
